Don't PM Frazzz (unless noted before) or Spam Frazzz or @ Frazzz.
No personal advertising without permission from a Mod, Admin or Frazzz.
Use common sense when it comes to sharing of personal information, this is a public discord for Smash GaminG!! community.
Be a nice, awesome individual, don't be arrogant - Please keep swearing/foul language to a minimum or at least censor your wording.
No Spamming, this includes emojis, please keep these to a reasonable levels. Emojis, reactions and the like can be used but not to be overused to daft levels, and should never under any circumstance be used in an inappropriate manner.
Never use a voice channel to just sit in.
No NSFW. (Not Safe For Work - so anything you'd not want your boss seeing and firing you!)
English only chat please & thank you.
No Politics -in-depth conversations are a no no, as it is a touchy subject, simple memes are allowed but if it goes too far a Mod can remove at their discretion.
Racism, homophobia, rape jokes, misogynist & sexism will have no place here, you will be warned if it continues the Mods & Frazzz reserve the right to ban you. (Extreme examples will be immediate ban at the discretion of a Mod)
Patreons when on the server are awesome folk that have pledged to support Smash GaminG's Patreon, no power gains will come from this but there is a private chat area and dedicated role.
The @ everyone is reserved for Frazzz and Mods only unless passed by a Mod already, this is to keep spamming and spam notifications to a minimal, contact a Mod if you wish to discuss use of this tag.
The commands for !rank or any other Spammable command to only be used in moderation in the Memes and Off Topic.
Never impersonate a Mod, Frazzz or each other.
Super Smasher is someone that has proven to stick around and continue to be interactive, we're all here to have fun!
If at any point during your stay in the server you feel that the mods aren't doing their jobs or are treating you poorly. Then please do not message Frazzz, please contact the admins in this case. If we think it needs to be taken to Frazzz then we will tell him.
Walls of text are considered as spam and will be dealt with as every other rule. 